Brent Sandstrom

Sanbornton, NH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Brent-Sandstrom/46718ad490bf48d4

* BS in Computer Science with minor in Math from Plymouth State University

* 8 months experience post-graduation, two years internship experience

* Wrote two large Spring MVC web applications

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Programmer

Bandtel - Gilford, NH - 2013 to Present

Wrote TotalView2, a customer portal allowing users to pay their bill online, and to see all the information about

their

VOIP phone account with BandTel. They may see their bill, payments, minutes and completion ratio (including

hour by hour graphs), details about what numbers they own, various reports, and details about every call

they make. They may also request new numbers through the TotalView2 application. This is a Spring MVC,

Hibernate Maven application

running on Tomcat 7. This application has over 10,000 lines of Java, XML, html and css.

* Wrote Client2, similar to TotalView2, but for use by authorized resellers working with BandTel.

* Wrote a Java application with simple Swing GUI that saved BandTel thousands by finding unused phone

numbers, a

task which would have been impossible to do manually.

* Worked with Red Hat Linux servers running Tomcat 7

* Configured Microtic Routerboards (firewall/routers). Learned the Microtic scripting language to create build

scripts for the units, saving us from having to manually configure the units.

* Documented and improved upon network structure in of two server racks

* Configured a web server from scratch.

Programmer

Bradford Networks - Concord, NH - October 2016 to March 2017

Developed new features and fixed bugs on the Network Sentry product. Most of the work done on this product

was in Javascript. I also worked on a Spring MVC reporting application.

Computer Repair Technician

Plymouth State University - Plymouth, NH - 2013 to 2014

Resolved both hardware and software issues on a variety of computers, mostly Windows PCs.

EDUCATION

Bachelor's in Computer Science

Plymouth State University - Plymouth, NH

2011 to 2016

SKILLS

Java (4 years), Spring MVC (2 years), Hibernate (2 years), Sql and MySql (3 years), HTML (3 years), Maven

(2 years), Bootstrap (1 year), CSS (3 years), Javascript (2 years), JQuery (2 years), Java Standard Tag

Library (JSTL) (1 year), Apache Tomcat v7.0 (2 years), Eclipse (3 years), Hibernate-jconsole (Less than 1

year), JFreeChart (Less than 1 year), Log4j (Less than 1 year), Itextpdf (Less than 1 year), Jsoup (Less than

1 year), Netbeans (2 years), C (1 year), Adobe Flash (Less than 1 year), PHP (Less than 1 year), Visual

Basic (Less than 1 year), Linux (4 years), Python (Less than 1 year)