Brett Wyrick

La Mirada, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Brett-Wyrick/a5bb7b96faf47652

Innovative, strategic Project Manager with a passion for doing things the right and honest way.

http://www.linkedin.com/in/brettwyrick

Willing to relocate: Anywhere

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Manager

Global Database Marketing - Remote - April 2014 to Present

* Successfully managed marketing projects with budgets from $2K up to $1M+ .

* Created a streamlined 150+ page training handbook for new Account Managers and Coordinators, which

improved our budget towards our new hire process.

* Developed new company processes internally to improve time needed to complete projects through adding

a digital project management system, email tracking, time tracking, in-network chat, and various other

enhancements for the company.

* Responsible for the operation, scope, creation, tracking, execution and approvals of the company's direct

marketing product lifecycles.

Led multiple project teams of up to 5 members, and trained new Account Managers and Coordinators.

* Oversaw end-to-end development and execution of direct marketing campaigns with individual clients,

regional dealer groups, vendors and suppliers to support marketing efforts.

Sales Representative

Verizon Wireless - Scottsdale, AZ - February 2013 to March 2014

* Functioned in several roles ranging from support, customer service, troubleshooting and sales.

* Responsible for creating and maintaining good business relationships with both small businesses and

individual wireless accounts through ongoing account maintenance, customer service, and selling products

relationally.

* Worked with all popular operating systems across multiple devices, with an emphasis on support for iOS

and Android.

New Car Sales Consultant

Scholfield Honda - Wichita, KS - July 2012 to January 2013

Responsibilities

Worked with customers seeking to purchase a new Honda. Negotiated vehicle prices and finance contracts.

Presented vehicle attributes, model options, features, store policies and services to customers. Negotiated

prices and finance contracts. Solely responsible for marketing myself to customers and prospecting/following

up with sales leads.

Accomplishments

* Became a certified member of Honda's Council of Sales Excellence, a program reserved to sales consultants

who attain more training than what is required.

* Received a 96% or higher Customer Service Index score from new car customer surveys.

* Reached departmental sales goals every month and helped move the new car sales team to the highest-

selling Honda dealership in the Midwestern district in six months.

Skills Used

Sales, negotiation, automotive knowledge, product knowledge, CRM, Windows

EDUCATION

Communication

Wichita State University - Wichita, KS

2010 to 2012

Allen County Community College - Iola, KS

2007 to 2009

SKILLS

Process Improvement (3 years), Project Management (3 years), Training & Development (2 years), Content

Creation (2 years), Excel (3 years), Microsoft Office (6 years), Google Docs (7 years), Marketing (3 years),

Product Marketing (3 years), Direct Marketing (3 years), Direct Mail (3 years), Product Management (3

years), Customer Service (7 years)

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/in/brettwyrick