Candice Winston, LNHA

Licensed Nursing Home Administrator

Cortland, OH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/1c8258eb1c1eac10

* 9 Deficiency Free Surveys

* 22% Average Census Growth & Stabilization

* 17 years CCRC and Multi-Facility Management

* Management of 8 Change of Ownerships

I am currently seeking a lasting opportunity and am fully committed to longevity with immediate availability.

An interim stay is not of interest to me although I have utilized them in the past to align with caring for my

mother who has since passed on.

A systems-oriented organizational Nursing Home Administrator that has experienced 24 years of building lead,

self-directed management teams that recognize, convey and drive opportunities to desired outcomes in a way

that is sustainable and able to be tracked.

A passionately committed and decisive Administrator that responds with the promptness required. As diligent

in revenue generation as in survey preparedness and quality metrics, bringing a well-rounded skill set to any

organization.

Sunt disponibil(ă) pentru relocare în: Cleveland, OH - Columbus, OH

WORK EXPERIENCE

Administrator

Administrator seeking lasting opportunity - decembrie 2016 până la Prezent

I am currently seeking a lasting opportunity and am fully committed to longevity with immediate availability.

An interim stay is not of interest to me although I have in the past utilized them to align with caring for my

mother who since has passed on.

Administrator

Life Care Center of Medina - iunie 2015 până la noiembrie 2016

Chosen provider for bundling, 4 star provider post PBJ and QM realignments. Facilitated new business

development via clinical positioning, organizational management and family integration. Census growth of

27%, CMI growth of 55%, RTH reduction of 24% ending at 13%.

Profitability at 200% of budget from 100% deficit, Collections/DSO reduction averaged at 4% monthly and

overtime reduction of 63%.

Interim Service - Administrator

Skilled Nursing Faciilty and Rehabilitation Center - ianuarie 2015 până la mai 2015

Fulfilled 90-day contracted interim assignment for out of state change of provider for 2 facilities.

Administrator

Signature HealthCARE of Warren - mai 2014 până la decembrie 2014

Culture change for resident centered care, community reach and staff engagement via organizational

management. Oversight of three million dollar renovation project. Census growth of 17%, CMI growth of 23%,

quality mix growth of 63% with PA1 reduction of 240 days in 45 days. End splits improvement of 15%, RTH

reduction of 48% in 45 days ending 7.6%. Overtime reduced 71% in 30 days ending at 1.8%. Collections/DSO

reduced $438,000 in 60 days.

Administrator

Concord Care Centers of Cortland and Hartford - octombrie 2012 până la mai 2014

Oversight of two facilities: managed occupancy at 80% and 98% stabilizing at 17% growth in census,

annualized collection reduction of 38% and 31%. Developed market position/referral stream via behavioral

health and housing positioning. Successful mitigation/reduction of higher level survey citations with forward

compliance.

Interim Service - Administrator

Broadview Health and Rehabilitation Center and Beeghly Oaks Skilled Nursing and Rehab Center - mai

2011 până la mai 2012

Broadview Health and Rehabilitation Center:

Commenced initiatives to navigate facility through new business development, through both clinical and

rehabilitative positioning resulting in a 31% growth in census with a 25% growth in case mix and through culture

change via executive leadership, team building and budgetary realignments.

Beeghly Oaks Skilled Nursing & Rehab Center:

Fulfilled assignment having implemented census initiatives securing a 16% growth with case mix proportionate

in development, having increased profitability by 12% and having directed and cleared survey challenges.

Interrelated Narrative

Defiant Sales Consulting and Cohen & Company - mai 2007 până la mai 2010

Defiant Sales, VP of Business Development: Opened new doors for sustainable financial growth and palatable

market position utilizing tactics interchangeably responsible for growing a nursing home's bottom line.

Cohen & Company, Administrative Assistant:

Tax, audit and support functions.

Administrator

Grand Valley Country Manor Nursing Home and Assisted Living Residence - noiembrie 2002 până la

noiembrie 2006

Oversight of two facilities: managed occupancy at 96% and 100% while deficiency free. Managed three

ownership changes with bottom line growth in a hyper-competitive market via coordinating interdisciplinary

and comprehensive care planning, developing ancillary services with professional recruitment and interjecting

community involvement.

Interim Service - Administrator

Geneva Healthcare Center, Cortland Healthcare Center, Integrated Health Services - aprilie 1999 până la

noiembrie 2002

Administrator

* Recruited to oversee three facilities: Operate through change of ownership, analyze financials, stabilize

census, govern survey outcomes and manage bankruptcy proceedings.

Administrator

Valley View Nursing Home and Autumn Acres Personal Care Center - iulie 1994 până la aprilie 1999

Oversight of two facilities: managed both consistently at 100% occupancy while deficiency free with a shift

from Medicaid to Private Pay (Personal Care Home). Developed nursing documentation and quality assurance

protocols/guidelines recorded to the word of the state operations manual and state rule. Oversight of two million

dollar renovation/construction project.

Administrator

Altercare of Navarre - iulie 1993 până la iulie 1994

Consultative role responsible for five facilities focused on account receivables, state survey preparedness,

census development and organizational management.

Administrator / AIT

Carrington South Healthcare Center - ianuarie 1992 până la iulie 1993

AIT to Administrator having directed facility through to a deficiency free survey.

EDUCATION

BA in Nursing Home Administration

Youngstown State University

iunie 1992

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/pub/candy-walker-winston-lnha/1a/4b1/579

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES

NHA

octombrie 2017