Carlos Jarmon

Calera, OK - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Carlos-Jarmon/70aaeb09fd6d50be

i have experience in Ad/Pr, Marketing, and Customer Service.

I am very energetic, trustworthy, persistent, hard working, goal oriented, diverse, respectable, and God driven.

Great knowledge of many Microsoft Programs as well as Mac Osx. Exceptional skills in wrtiting, Graphic

programs such as Adobe Photoshop/AutoCad and knowledge of Sound Production Programs such as Pro

tools, Sound Forge, Cubase, Nuendo, Virtual Dj and many others as well as Video Production Programs such

as Final cut pro, Adobe Premiere Pro, etc.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Store Manager

Store Manager - Sherman, TX - November 2016 to Present

Responsibilities include, planning, promoting and marketing the business, dealing with customer queries and

complaints, overseeing pricing and stock control, maximizing profitability and meeting sales targets, ensuring

compliance with health and safety legislation, preparing promotional materials and displays.

Directv Sales Rep

Alorica Inc - Durant, OK - June 2012 to October 2015

Deliver prepared sales talks, reading from scripts that describe products or services, in order to persuade

potential customers to purchase a product or service or to make a donation.

Contact businesses or private individuals by telephone in order to solicit sales for goods or services, or to

request donations for charitable causes.

Explain products or services and prices, and answer questions from customers.

Obtain customer information such as name, address, and payment method, and enter orders into computers.

Record names, addresses, purchases, and reactions of prospects contacted.

Adjust sales scripts to better target the needs and interests of specific individuals.

Obtain names and telephone numbers of potential customers from sources such as telephone directories,

magazine reply cards, and lists purchased from other organizations.

Answer telephone calls from potential customers who have been solicited through advertisements.

Telephone or write letters to respond to correspondence from customers or to follow up initial sales contacts.

Maintain records of contacts, accounts, and orders.

Prophecy Radio Group

Marketing Consultant

PROPHECY MEDIA GROUP - Sherman, TX - October 2012 to September 2015

Selling Advertising Schedules to clients for radio. Basic Duties include broadcasting music as well as

programing music into the system daily. Made flyers, banners, signs, and other graphic art promotions for the

radio station.

Sales Representative

Customer Linx

inbound and outboud sales

AT&T - Durant, OK - June 2001 to August 2004

Deliver prepared sales talks, reading from scripts that describe products or services, in order to persuade

potential customers to purchase a product or service or to make a donation.

Contact businesses or private individuals by telephone in order to solicit sales for goods or services, or to

request donations for charitable causes.

Explain products or services and prices, and answer questions from customers.

Obtain customer information such as name, address, and payment method, and enter orders into computers.

Record names, addresses, purchases, and reactions of prospects contacted.

Adjust sales scripts to better target the needs and interests of specific individuals.

Obtain names and telephone numbers of potential customers from sources such as telephone directories,

magazine reply cards, and lists purchased from other organizations.

Answer telephone calls from potential customers who have been solicited through advertisements.

Telephone or write letters to respond to correspondence from customers or to follow up initial sales contacts.

Maintain records of contacts, accounts, and orders.

Tree Trimmer

Jackson Brothers Tree Service - Cleburne, TX - May 1999 to September 2003

Trimming trees, as well as spraying and taking care of trees in order to make them healthy.Uses truck-mounted

hydraulic lifts and pruners and power pruners

Tutor Counselor

Jackson Brothers Tree Service - Durant, OK - May 2002 to July 2002

Tutoring and counseling young high school kids who have an interest and a drive to go to college. Students

spend a summer on a college campus while taking college courses. My job is to tutor them and to counsel

them throughout the ordeal.

Sales Representative

Jackson Brothers Tree Service - Nashville, TN - May 2000 to August 2000

Door to door salesman.-Duties were to sales children's as well as highly educational books to customer's who

were seeking a higher education for their children.

EDUCATION

BA in Communications and visual Media

Southeastern Oklahoma State University - Durant, OK

2003 to 2006

BA in Computer Science

Southeastern Oklahoma State University - Durant, OK

1998 to 2003

SKILLS

Microsoft Programs as well as Mac Osx. Exceptional skills in wrtiting, Graphic programs such as Adobe

Photoshop/AutoCad and knowledge of Sound Production Programs such as Pro tools, Sound Forge,

Cubase, Nuendo, Virtual Dj and many others as well as Video Production Programs such as Final cut pro,

Adobe Premiere Pro, etc. (10+ years)