Carlos Mayo

C# Programmer - Angry Turtle Entertainment & Tricky Walrus Studios

Miami, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Carlos-Mayo/03aee4fff1b9007e

WORK EXPERIENCE

C# Programmer

Angry Turtle Entertainment & Tricky Walrus Studios - 2015 până la Prezent

2015 - This degree focused on building the base for a higher education.

My goal here is to build a small studio where we can create fun

Most of my fundamental educational blocks were established here.

projects and products. I'm in charge of creating innovative game

ideas, bringing them to prototype, and then build the game

according to the feedback and testing. Daily tasks include Technical Skills:

programming, game engine concepts, the creation of art, and

testing.

* C# Programmer

Kitchen and Bath Sales Associate

Home Depot - 2014 până la 2015

developing interesting solutions to solve problems on the

My primary focus for this position was providing excellent customer computer.

service to do-it-yourself customers. I explained materials and

* Computer hardware repair

installation procedures to the customers to fulfill most, if not all, of the customer's project needs. My second

tasks was stocking the I can diagnose many computer hardware issues because I

shelving or to use Home Depot terminology, "packing down." The used to fix computers in my spare time

when I was

replenishment of product often requires the use of heavy younger.

machinery, of which I had a license to, and the knowledge of safety

procedures according to company policy. * Apple & Windows & MS Office

I can operate on both windows and mac software

Vice President / Co-Founder

Miami-Dade College - Miami, FL - 2010 până la 2010

Veterinary Technician

Dixie Animal Hospital - 2007 până la 2010

experience with windows dating back to Windows 95,

I provided medical care of canine and feline patients for this and my home computer is a mac on which I

have three

position. The hospital doctors entrusted me with pre-operation years experience with. I have used the MS suite

on both procedures such as: blood analysis, medications, and proper machines for that length of time as well.

restraining of patients. My duties also included surgical operation

monitoring of anesthesia machines and assistance, post-operation * Problem Solver

care by way of monitoring, kennel preparation, and the Not only am I able to find the problem, but I also find

administration of controlled drugs under the supervision of the multiple solutions to solve the problem. I strive

to make

medical staff. I cleaned and maintained surgical equipment and my core duties as efficient as possible so I

have time to

facilities daily. This job also presented me with extreme customer

work on project for organizational improvement.

care situations such as: euthanasia or the loss of a patient, were

common. * Efficiency/Adaptable

Computer Sales

Tiger Direct - 2006 până la 2006

improve through experimentation and different

Duties were to sell quality products over the phone to customers

approaches.

calling in for assistance. Strong knowledge of consumer electronics

with a specialization in personal computers was a requirement for * Ability to Self Teach

this position. Consumers were given personal recommendations of which quality parts to purchase and use

on their personal I often prefer to learn new subjects at my own pace and

computing projects. do not need too much explanation to grasp difficult

concepts. I yearn for knowledge on an everyday basis and spend most of my time learning when possible.

EDUCATION

University of Florida

2016