Carl Bales

Lead Developer - IBM Corporation

- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Carl-Bales/8cbad6407421b8a0

Carl Bales is a full-stack mobile and web developer - focused on native iOS development with

Swift, and web development leveraging Ruby on Rails, Elixir, Django, J2EE, and Node.js. He is

comfortable working as either a leader, or in a support capacity. He is a big picture thinker with a

talent for abstraction and attacking problems from all sides. He has a passion for the Internet of

Things, is an ardent UNIX fanboy and BlueMix cloud technologies evangelist.

Sunt disponibil(ă) pentru relocare în: Austin, TX - Dallas, TX - Memphis, TN

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr. iOS Developer

IBM - Baton Rouge, LA - februarie 2016 până la Prezent

iOS Developer III

IBM Corporation - octombrie 2015 până la Prezent

Carl works directly under the Chief Architect for new IBM federal projects with USDA and

Department of Interior, to assist in the solution architecture of and create proof-of-concept

applications for federal projects leveraging the IBM BlueMix cloud PaaS. He works on a variety of projects as

both a solo developer and as technical lead for short term Agile teams for rapid

prototyping sprints. His work is technology agnostic, using mobile and web solutions as best fits the particular

need. There is an emphasis on IoT technologies and Carl regularly works with hardware such as Arduino

micro-controllers and Raspberry Pis. He is regularly required to

contact collaborating organizations, vendors and internal SMEs in the completion of his duties.

Notable Roles and Projects:

iOS Developer II

IBM Corporation - septembrie 2014 până la octombrie 2015

Carl joined IBM as part of the, then newly formed, Apple + IBM partnership. During his time with

IBM, he has worked in a variety of roles with a technology agnostic approach to development.

He is regarded as a Git source control SME and has consulted with a number of IBM project

teams (e.g. Ford Motor Company, UK Post Office) on the subject. He is a recognized leader for

Baton Rouge CIC - routinely leading informal "lunch and learn" training, speaking at local

"BlueMix Meet-Ups", assisting in the creation of a local developer resources wiki, working with upper

management to design and update new hire training curriculum and leading Baton Rouge

based PoC projects.

Notable Roles and Projects:

Rails Support Engineer

Twin Engine Labs - ianuarie 2014 până la iunie 2014

Carl wrote and maintained and developed Ruby on Rails web applications (Rails 3.2 and Rails

4.* frameworks). He tested and supported Objective-C iOS applications-integrating 3rd party

data analytic and marketing frameworks into existing applications. During projects, Carl used git

repositories for version control, Heroku PaaS, AWS and S3 servers, and Reddis/Postgres

databases. He programmatically designed and generated QR codes for use with client side

applications. He also wrote a weekly blog ( "RailsN00b" ) as content for the company website,

researched various internal business logic topics and generated technical reports.

Digital Document Expert

Neblett Beard and Arsenault - iunie 2012 până la ianuarie 2013

During his time with the Complex Litigation unit, Carl made his mark by streamlining traditionally

manual processes: He managed case file intake and distribution for thousands of clients by creating custom

Python scripts. He created Adobe form documents used to streamline new

client information intake. He coordinated with vendors and assisted with the business logic

architecture of bespoke software solutions for extracting and exporting client records from PDF and hard copy

documents to a MySQL database. In addition to his technical duties, he drafted

technical reports and routinely was sent out of the office to preform field research relevant to cases.

EDUCATION

Bacc in Cyber Engineering

Louisiana Tech University

2012 până la 2014

B.A. in Political Science

Louisiana Tech University

2011

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Key Skills:

Native iOS (Swift and Objective-C), Back-End Web (Ruby on Rails, Node.JS, Django), Native

Android, JavaEE (Apache Struts2, Spring), Front-End Web (Backbone.js, HTML[5], CSS,

SCSS, jQueryUI, and Bootstrap), RESTful APIs, PaaS/IaaS Cloud Development and

Deployment (Heroku, AWS, Bluemix, Cloud Foundry), Web Services (SOAP, JSON), OOP (C++,

Java, Ruby), Functional Programming (Erlang), Scripting and Command Line Tool Development

(C, Bash, Python, Ruby, Perl), Arduino, Raspberry Pi, Linux, and FPGA Digital Design (Verilog).