Chaitanya Ponnapalli

A self-motivated and highly passionate individual with great respect for processes

and innovation, looking for the role of a Software developer.

Urbandale, IA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Chaitanya-Ponnapalli/11841769b6decf17

Willing to relocate: Anywhere

Sponsorship required to work in the US

WORK EXPERIENCE

Java Consultant

Turing Consulting - Urbandale, IA - July 2016 to Present

Currently working as a Java developer on aspects pertaining to developing software, technical interfaces and

building flexible data models in Java and various AWS technologies.

Software Developer

Eternus Solutions pvt ltd. - Pune, Maharashtra - May 2013 to May 2014

Responsibilities

Worked as a software developer in various technologies such as C++, Java, Salesforce.com, Java Spring,

Hibernate, Javascript and HTML, etc.

Accomplishments

Worked on three live projects:

Project1: Jenzabar- Higher Education Management software

Role: Developer

Description: Worked on Jenzabar, which is a leading service provider for many higher educational institutions.

This project involved integration of client's legacy systems with Salesforce.com, using REST API. Worked

on building workflow rules between different objects (database tables) to enforce key business processes,

creating triggers, migration of data, scheduling tasks or events among many others.

Project 2: Google LMS

Role: Developer

Description: Worked on Google GO technology, on the migration of data onto Google's own cloud database

- Google Datastore.

Successfully reduced the time and efforts needed to manually insert the data into the datastore

Project 3: AWS S3 custom application

Role: Developer

Description: Worked on Amazon simple storage services (S3), building a custom application using basic Java

framework with Amazon's S3 API.

Skills Used

C++, Java, Salesforce.com, Java Spring, Hibernate, Javascript and HTML technologies

Software Developer

CMC Limited - Pune, Maharashtra - December 2011 to May 2013

Responsibilities

Worked as a software developer in various technologies such as C++, Java, Oracle Application Development

Framework(ADF), Java Spring, Hibernate, Javascript and HTML, CSS, etc.

Accomplishments

Worked on a live project for Government of Maharashtra, India during my time at CMC Limited.

Project: Comprehensive e-Governance System

Role: Developer

Description: Comprehensive E-Governance system is a web portal which provides the user various facilities

such as information regarding educational bodies like schools, colleges, Universities, ITIs, Agencies to

students. Also dealt with facilitating information transfer between educational agencies, employment agencies

and students. Won appreciation from advisor of the Prime Minister of India, who was heading the National

Skill Development Agency at the time.

Responsibilities:

1. Interact and communicate with the business user from the client side in order to understand the business

requirements

2. Create the SRS and Software design documentations based on the user requirements, which served as

the base for the development.

3. Understand the application's existing data model and modified the same to include updates.

4. Create and design database tables and develop forms to implement the custom UI requirement, in multiple

languages using Unicode converters.

5. Design and develop Java classes to implement custom business logic for various functionality.

6. Develop Test cases and test the application to ensure that the developed code is working as expected for

all use cases involved in the application

Skills Used

C++, Java, Oracle Application Development Framework(ADF), Java Spring, Hibernate, Javascript and HTML,

CSS

EDUCATION

Master's in Computer Science

California State University-Chico - Chico, CA

2014 to 2016

Bachelor's in Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering

Dr .D.Y. Patil College of Engineering, Pune University - Pune, Maharashtra

2007 to 2011

SKILLS

Java Developer (2 years), Salesforce.com developer (Less than 1 year), Oracle ADF (1 year)

LINKS

https://www.linkedin.com/in/chaitanya-ponnapalli-55b36779

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES

Salesforce.com Certified Developer

AWS Certified Solutions Architect

March 2017 to March 2019

AWS Certified Developer

February 2017 to February 2019