Christopher Hope

Professional

Blackburn - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Christopher-Hope/fdaa1bc4362b6594

A former member of the Royal Corps of Signals. Qualified as a Level 3 Communications Technology

Professional and an advanced IT specialist, I am a skilled technician with strong problem solving skills. Fully

BT Accredited. Familiar with working in teams and independently, I am also able to communicate well on all

levels. Disciplined and reliable, I believe I would be an asset to any employer.

Willing to relocate

WORK EXPERIENCE

Computer Science Student

Blackburn University - Blackburn

Field EPOS Engineer

Barron McCann Ltd - Blackburn - April 2016 to September 2016

Maintain EPOS for High Street Retailers and fix onsite.

Installation Engineer

4COM PLC - November 2015 to April 2016

Install, Upgrade, Maintain Samsung PBX Phone systems throughout UK. OSF, 7030, 7100, 7200 mainly, using

Digital ISDN Lines using IP handsets and Analogue lines, TDM handsets.

IT Support Engineer

The Centre for Maritime Research and Experimentation (IS SUPPORT) - March 2015 to May 2015

The Centre for Maritime Research and Experimentation (CMRE) is an executive body of the Science and

Technology Organization (STO). The CMRE organizes and conducts scientific research and technology

development and delivers innovative field-tested science and technology solutions to address the defense

and security needs of the Alliance. Within the CMRE Research and Engineering Division the Information

Laboratories Office (ILAB) supports the execution of the program of work (POW) through the conception,

design, development and construction of state of the art technologies in computing, networking and modeling

& simulation (M&S), ensuring interoperability, security and compliance with relevant NATO policies and

regulations.

Installation Engineer

Thales - November 2014 to May 2015

Fibre optic cable installation services for single mode and multi-mode Fibre optic cables, Installation of internal

Fibre networks to cross site Fibre optic cables up to 5 km including Fibre optic cabling and Fibre optic

transmission equipment and termination solutions. Assemble and set up all tools, materials and equipment

to create cable pathways; Install cable supports; prepare cables for installation, refurbishment of equipment

cabinets.

Installation Engineer

6G - August 2014 to November 2014

Install, configure and maintain the network and systems infrastructure based at POP and transmission sites.

Travel to POPs in various UK locations where required. Out of hours support i.e. ensures the POP's and

Systems are accessible 24/7 and provide on-call assistance and monitoring where required. Installation of

VOIP, CCTV cameras, Access control door entry systems in Business premises.

Installation Engineer

BT Openreach - September 2013 to April 2014

Fibre-Optic and Copper Installs. Commercial and Business installations of cable television (BT Vision),

telephones and broadband internet services, managed Fibre-optic installs and Copper ADSL. The work

includes connecting customers to the network at distribution cabinets, provisioning overhead copper drop-

wires, pulling cables, external and internal wiring of the customers premise, commissioning of the equipment

and educating the customer in its use. In addition, Compliance with Health and Safety plan and method

statements. Wearing and using appropriate PPE. Keeping tools and equipment in good order.

Installation Engineer

Creative Information Technologies Inc - April 2013 to September 2013

* Carried out the Installation and Maintenance of identity card systems under the ISAF TACTIC programme

at ISAF HQ in Kabul, and other sites in Afghanistan.

* Prior to Deployment to Afghanistan, received training on the installation requirements at an installation and

training session at an NCIA site.

* Installed the workstations, system peripherals and software as instructed by my In-Country Programme

Manager.

* Worked closely on the highly successful project with the NCIA and ISAF personnel.

Senior Communications Specialist

British Army - November 2011 to November 2012

* Led a small specialist team providing direct engineering support to Afghanistan. This included providing

guidance to junior team members and monitoring performance which ensured quality control was maintained

and deadlines were met.

* Mentored junior staff during probationary periods, providing guidance and feedback where required.

* Provided input into junior soldiers annual reports, making recommendations for potential promotion.

Communications Network Manager

British Army - June 2011 to November 2011

* Employed as a Communications Network Manager supporting operations in Afghanistan, using a PROMINA

multiplexer server system.

* Primarily role included forming part of a team responsible for the maintenance and operation of the PSC

506 Communications Base (CB), providing engineering support to the deployed tactical PSC 506 satellite

communications network.

* A member of the deployed Operational Networks engineering desk (Promina), providing 24 hour level 3

technical management and direct engineering support to the operational theatre in Afghanistan.

* Briefed high profile visitors and worked closely on a number of highly successful projects with THALES and

British Telecom.

* Qualified as a Class 2 Communication Systems Engineer, gaining a strong recommendation for promotion.

* Service management: providing help-desk support and troubleshooting.

Communications Specialist

British Army - January 2010 to June 2011

* Computer software systems: installing computer workstations into a systems network and then maintaining,

engineering and controlling these systems.Fibre-Optics and Fusion Splicing.

* Radio: HF to UHF and Bowman radio equipment, satellite and theatre-wide area digital communications

networks.

Communications Specialist

Teleconferencing - October 2008 to January 2010

operating video teleconferencing equipment and digital telephone exchanges.

Technical and Military Training, British Army Oct 2008-Jan 2010

* Played a prominent role taking part in numerous team orientated training activities designed to improve

discipline, team work and effective communication skills.

* Took part in Command Tasks focused on leadership, organizational skills and problem solving.

* Extremely technically skilled in the installation, maintenance of all Telecommunications equipment.

EDUCATION

Diploma in Web Design

Army Learning Centre

2012 to 2013

NVQ in Communication Technology Professionals

Royal School of Signals

2009 to 2010

Personal Skills

Army Training Centre - Pirbright

2008 to 2009

GCSEs

Our Lady and St John Catholics Arts College

2002 to 2007

Communications Cabling

City and Guilds