Christopher Cooper

Cheltenham - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Christopher-Cooper/5032d75fcbcd3ede

WORK EXPERIENCE

ICT & Computer Science Teacher

The Chase - 2016 to Present

Responsible for learning and teaching for each class taught. Key Achievements

* Introduced new BTEC qualification for year 12 students.

* Shared good practise within the faculty

* Delivered addition support to students after school.

Key Skills Gained

* Quickly built positive working relationships with staff and students within the school.

* Created new assignments / specification for the new BTEC course.

Strand Leader for Work Enterprise and Business (WEB)

Gloucester Academy - 2015 to 2016

Responsible for all aspects within each of the following department areas Business, Catering,

Design & Technology,

ICT & Computer Science Departments

Key Achievements

* Turned around a failing Strand by introducing and recruiting staff to the various departments within the Strand.

* Setup new systems to track and monitor individual student progress.

* Trained staff members within the Strand to use and understand data and to understand what appropriate

actions can be put into place.

Key Skills Gained

* Further developed team working skills by working with staff with different background and needs to establish

a successful base to work from.

* Communicated my requirements and listened to the needs of each department and individuals to support

them to make the needed changes.

* Effectively acquired, analysed and presented data, used forecast and school based data to identify groups

of underperforming students, and then provided the necessary targeted support / interventions

Subject Leader for ICT & Computer Science

Beaufort Co-operative Academy - 2008 to 2015

Responsible for all aspects within the ICT & Computer Science Department.

Key Achievements

* Established positive relationships with local feeder schools.

* Created a master scheme of work to deliver the requirements of the new ICT and Computing curriculum.

* Created the "Footsteps to Beaufort" programme that gave students in year 5 and 6 to experience working

on a project design to help them to get to know Beaufort.

Key Skills Gained

* Learned to work with different professionals within education, both within the school and with the local primary

feeder schools.

* Recognised the ways other staff work to create a successful team

ICT Teacher

Archway School - 2005 to 2008

Responsible for the learning and teaching in each class taught.

Teacher

St Joseph's Comprehensive - 2004 to 2005

Business Development Manager

UK & Europe - 2002 to 2003

Responsible for Sales, Marketing & Research activities. Key Achievements

* Researched contacts, made contact and won a 30K of initial contract package with BAe

* Analysed key area of the industry to locate potential new customers prior to initiating contact.

* Customer needs exceeded by ensuring that quotations were issued rapidly and that the customers were kept

abreast of each stage of product testing.

Key Skills Gained

* Presented marketing research to Board of Directors regarding a desired market sector.

* Built successful relationships with potential new customers

Manufacturing Engineer

Siemens - 2000 to 2002

Responsible for Jaguar production & assembly lines. Key Achievements

* Negotiated contracts with suppliers to meet the required service, quality and price.

* Managed and implemented a 12 month new Jaguar production line into an existing Jaguar production within

10 months

* Designed the product flow within the machines to give optimum cycle time within the product cell.

Key Skills Gained

* Controlled a budget of £1 million to order machinery, equipment and tooling.

Technical Engineer

Ericsson - 1999 to 2000

Responsible for all aspects of project management for customers. Key Achievements

* Project managed customers' requirements (Ericsson, Mitsubishi, Nokia, Sensei and Sendo) within each

project and communicated their needs to all levels within the organisation.

* Sourced suppliers worldwide to meet customer deadline to maintain the rapid turnaround within the

telecommunications sector while maintaining quality and service.

Key Skills Gained

* Maintained profitability, quality specifications and control ensuring that all products, processes, secondary

operations and production requirements are developed to meet customer specifications.

* Advised customers on materials selection and helped organise tools trials.

Sponsored companies

Concentric Info

Project Engineer - Sponsored by Concentric through University

EMI Compact Disc - 1998 to 1999

Info

Engineer - Sponsored by EMI through College.

EDUCATION

University of Bath - Bath, UK

2005

BSc in Materials

Brunel University

1998

BTEC National Diploma in Polymer Technology

Trowbridge College

1994

English and Mathematics

Ryde High School

1992

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

IT SKILLS

Software: MacOS Sierra, Windows 7, 8.1, 10; Microsoft Office, MS Project, Adobe Packages, VMware Fusion,

Hardware: iMac, PC, Tablets (Android & iOS), Synology NAS,