Cristian Avalos

Fullstack Software Engineer

New York, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Cristian-Avalos/7050546cc5893bfe

I am a full-stack software engineer with a passion for technology, algorithms and data manipulation. I have

extensive experience building and architecting applications using many languages including Javascript, Java,

Python , HTML , CSS, C++. I strongly believe in making applications with a beautiful UI and code reusability.

Recently, I have worked with a team to create a AngularJS platform that helps users finds local music events

from something as small as your favorite band on your local bar to a huge stadium concert. To obtain the

data, I made RESTful calls to the Eventbrite API as well as scrapped some local websites to provide a bigger

range of events. Afterwards, with flexibility in mind, I created a PostgreSQL database to store the scraped

data after normalizing it to match API results. Finally, I used Git for version control and to communicate with

my colleagues.

I am very confident using Javascript and many JS frameworks such as AngularJS, NodeJS, ExpressJS. In

addition, I have lots of experience with relational and non relational databases such as mySQL, PostgreSQL,

and MongoDB . I have used Git in several of my projects, and obtained data using many modern RESTful APIs.

I am looking to join a company where I can contribute since day one. A company that will help me grow as an

engineer, by making an application(s) that will be used by a lot of people.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Web Developer

Freelancing - 2013 până la Prezent

Created and collaborated on implementing websites adapting to client's specifications

Math Tutor

Hostos Community College - 2007 până la 2015

HTML & CSS Instructor

Hostos Community College - 2013 până la 2013

EDUCATION

B.S in Computer Engineering

City College of New York - New York, NY

2015

Advance Software Engineering Immersive Program

Telegraph Academy - Berkeley, CA

2015

LINKS

http://cavalos0086.github.io

http://github.com/cavalos0086

https://www.linkedin.com/in/cavalos0086

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technical Skills

Strong:

JavaScript, HTML5, CSS, AngularJS, ExpressJS, jQuery, NodeJS, Neo4j, PostgreSQL, Bootstrap, Git,

Bootstrap

Experienced:

D3.js, Mocha, Chai, mySQL, Cypher, Java, Python, PHP, SASS