Danilo Bassi

Machine Learning and Robotics

San Jose, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Danilo-Bassi/2fbabd1c8781eb40

Willing to relocate: Anywhere

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Software Engineer

H20.ai - Mountain View, CA - October 2016 to Present

Machine learning development: deep learning and time series (tensorflow, python, java,...)

Natural Language Engineer

Apple Inc - Cupertino, CA - January 2016 to June 2016

Natural Language processing, at the core of Siri, for foreign language understanding.

President, CTO & Founder

SymLogical LLC - Exton, PA - January 2011 to January 2016

Leading the development of solution for high-level dynamic planning.

* Conceived an efficient and unique algorithm based on linear temporal logic, dynamic and logic programming

approach.

* Development of aerial vehicle (drone) for autonomous inspection.

Senior Consultant

GLOTEX - New York, NY - November 2013 to July 2015

Worked as Quantitative Analyst / Chief Scientist, developed innovative algorithms for currency portfolio risk

management and automated trading operations.

Associate Researcher

Villanova University - June 2011 to July 2015

Business Analytics research: credit risk analysis and modeling.

Associate Researcher

Villanova University - Villanova, PA - November 2008 to July 2015

Senior Consultant

Business Analytics & Financial Systems - Berwyn, PA - April 1994 to October 2013

PA / Santiago, Chile

Business Analytics & Financial Systems

Developed multiple projects and studies on business analytics involving machine

learning paradigm, probabilities, data-mining and decision support systems, with focus in credit risk and

predictive decision systems.

* Provided advice/systems/recommendations to over 10 institutional customers.

* Solutions delivered in credit risk management were key to improve efficiency and decision-making in many

companies with large (1M +) credit holders base.

Research Professor

Villanova University - November 2008 to May 2011

Worked in Autonomous Systems fundamental research and applied projects, using

machine learning and symbolic approaches.

1

Full Professor

Business Analytics & Financial Systems - January 2006 to December 2010

Professor

Universidad de Santiago - Santiago de Chile, Región Metropolitana - September 1995 to December

2010

Santiago, Chile

Associate Professor

Universidad de Santiago - Santiago, MN - September 1995 to December 2005

Teaching and Research in Computational Intelligence, Robotics/Automation areas.

* Obtained novel results by applying learning methods for robot motion control and complex process control

(resulting in 10+ publications).

* Generated new results in based on Computational Intelligence: probabilistic and time-series modeling,

clustering analysis and anomaly detectors.

* Managed and secured significant grants for several research projects ($1.5M+)

President, CTO & Founder

Business Analytics & Financial Systems - Santiago de Chile, Región Metropolitana - July 1996 to April

2003

Santiago, Chile.

Rednova offered complete credit risk/management solution to large institutions.

President, CTO & Founder

Provided Credit efficient risk models based on machine learning over big database of financial institutional

customers. Those solutions were obtained through proprietary

technologies/methodologies that I created and managed

* Data mining software for performing machine learning analysis/modeling

* Generic software/hardware engine for real time computation of produced models.

Assistant Professor, Department of Industrial Engineering

Universidad de Chile - Santiago de Chile, Región Metropolitana - January 1991 to August 1995

Teaching and Research in Artificial Intelligence and Manufacture/Automation areas.

* Pioneering research in Machine Learning applied to Robotics and Automation, signal

processing and quantitative finance.

* Managed large research projects, securing grants and financing ($500K+).

EDUCATION

PhD

University of Southern California - Los Angeles, CA

Master of Science in Electrical Engineering

Universidad de Chile - Santiago de Chile, Región Metropolitana

Bachelor of Science in Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery

Universidad de Chile - Santiago de Chile, Región Metropolitana

LINKS

https://www.linkedin.com/pub/danilo-bassi/0/a12/57a

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Experienced professional with over 25 years in the field of Robotics & Automation doing research,

development and engineering. Deep knowledge of multiple aspects involved in robotics: hardware design,

simulation, perception, including machine vision, control at different levels, programming and applications.

Mastering development of Automation solutions from fundamentals using advanced techniques including

Machine Learning (for learning and adaptive control), multilevel, optimal and symbolic control. Developing

Autonomous Systems to provide a more advanced solution to the problem of robotic control.

Skilled at creating and managing innovation projects that turned original research and theoretical results

into business with innovative edge. This entrepreneurship side is reflected in different ventures that I led,

starting with T&S RedNova, a company that provided risk models based on machine learning. Later I

founded the Robotic Mining Consortium (aimed autonomous mining solutions), Robotica Aerea Chile for

UAV (aerial) systems, and SymLogical for dynamic planning of autonomous systems.

Strong experience conducting innovation, leading/building teams, and managing project or business.

Good interpersonal and communication skills, proficient in three languages (English, Spanish & French).