Daniel Long

Felixstowe - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Daniel-Long/303509f964ac052f

I am a third-year undergraduate who has had relevant experience in IT and who has undertaken roles in

team-projects which demonstrated flexibility, leadership, willingness and who is self-motivated and willing to

learn. I am seeking a position which will match my level of skill and experience but that will also challenge

me.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Applicant Day Ambassador

Computer Science Department - 2016 to Present

* Worked in the Computer Science Department, taking prospective students to their interviews, as well as

promoting the department.

* Liaised with members of the education staff as well as administration staff to setup interview times, arrange

demonstrations and sort out student registrations on the day.

* Kept to strict time constraints in order to meet the requirements of the University of Essex so that students

did not return late.

Web Developer

Midas Digital - 2015 to 2015

to create the company's website. I gain a lot of experience in working as part of a team of individuals to a

collective goal.

* Used HubSpot to create the site, as well as the use of JavaScript, HTML and CSS.

* Spoke to HubSpot numerous times to sort out issues, therefore helping me to learn how to best communicate

with others.

* Created E-Mails and an E-Mail system for clients to register interest and download E-Books with the business.

Admin Assistant

GLOBEX Freight Management - 2012 to 2012

* Created and Maintained Excel spreadsheets detailing importing and exporting shipments through the

company.

* Created memo's using Word to pass on to contracting firms in order to arrange payments for using the

company's services.

* Successfully liaised with members of the contracted shipping firms to close off any loose ends regarding the

arrival of containers so other team members could complete the contracts.

* The above allowed me to develop my team working skills as well as allowing me to enhance my customer

service skills.

Assistant Librarian

Felixstowe Library - 2011 to 2011

* Working as part of a team of six members, I gained a lot of experience of working as part of a tight knit team

in order to check in, check out and process book requests to customers.

* Using Excel, I processed incoming books, movies and other items which allowed me to work out any

anomalies to pass on to my team, therefore aiding my problem-solving skills as well as enhancing my team

working.

* Communicated effectively with team members and customers throughout to organise an event in the function

suite.

* Wrote letters using Word to book holders requesting returns of their books to the Library.

EDUCATION

BSc in Information and Communication Technology

University of Essex

October 2014 to June 2017

Level 3 Extended Diploma in Information and Communication Technology

Suffolk New College

September 2012 to June 2014

GCSE's

Deben High School/Felixstowe Academy

September 2007 to June 2012

SKILLS

CCNA Routing and Switching: Scaling Networks (1 year), CCNA Routing and Switching: Routing and

Switching Essentials (1 year), Cisco CCNA Discovery: Networking for Home and Small Businesses (3

years), CCNA Routing and Switching: Introduction to Networks (2 years), Microsoft Excel (4 years),

Microsoft Word (6 years), Microsoft Powerpoint (6 years), C# (1 year), Python (3 years), Java (3 years),

Javascript (6 years), Css (5 years), Html (5 years), Adobe Creative Suite (5 years), Video Editing (4 years),

Visual Studio (1 year), Coding IDE's (3 years), Web Development (6 years), JSP (3 years), JSTL (3 years),

Php (2 years), HubSpot (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Project (2 years), Git (1 year), SVN (2 years), Content

Writing (Less than 1 year), Project Management (2 years), Project Planning (3 years), Microsoft Access (6

years)

LINKS

https://www.linkedin.com/in/dan-long-2b275795/

AWARDS

Essex Academic Excellence Bursary

August 2014

For gaining a grade above DDD in a relevant Diploma, the University of Essex Academic Excellence Bursary

paid money for students over achieving on entrance to University.

Suffolk Football Association D.J. Birchell Award

June 2012

Awarded for being the most promising referee from the 2011 to 2012 football season.

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES

CCNA Routing and Switching: Introduction to Networks

June 2015 to Present

CCNA Routing and Switching: Scaling Networks

June 2016 to Present

CCNA Routing and Switching: Routing and Switching Essentials

June 2016 to Present

Cisco CCNA Discovery: Networking for Home and Small Businesses

June 2014 to Present

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Course Representative

* At college, I was nominated to be the course representative for the first year. During the year I acted as a

liaison between the tutors and the students to discuss on a regular basis any improvements that they wished

to see in which I was able to make positive changes which our course had requested using good negotiation, a

friendly attitude to both staff and fellow students and good communication skills. Because of the success of my

first year, I was re nominated and elected for the second year of the course which gave me great success in

which I was chosen to speak to a member of OFSTED about my experience at the college. I am also a Course

Representative at University. This has allowed me to best further my skills with both my fellow students, as

well as professors, and University Staff.

Sport

* Over the past five years, I have been a football referee for Suffolk County Football Association, where I have

been lucky enough to officiate at a very high academy level for the Suffolk FA Referee's Academy at Ipswich

Town Football Club in which I have officiated as part of a team in a showcase game between Ipswich town

and Manchester Unites Youth Teams. As well as this, I have officiated numerous cup finals over varying age

groups, levels and even represented my county in an international tournament. By refereeing, I have been

able to work in teams with other referees which has allowed me to enhance my team working, team leading

and decision making skills as well as improving my personal skills.

Gaming Community

* Throughout the past five years I have been a member to one particular gaming community. During my free

time, I create reviews for a website which I created for the community. Done using my skills in HTML and

coding as well as my reviews created using Word this experience has allowed me to develop skills in websites

as well as creating professional content.