David Rojas

Freelance full-stack developer

Bogota, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Rojas/a22cf7e2f5a40ac6

Hi, i'm software developer with 2 years of experience working in various technologies. I like mathematics and

work on complex problems, i started developing since i had 12 years old, and now i did of a hobbie a good job.

Specifically i have worked with the following languages and libraries C, C++ (Qt, WxWidgets), Python, Java

(JSE), C#, .NET, Verilog, VHDL, (HTML/CSS), JQuery, Ajax, PHP(Laravel, Eloquent), Mysql, Java (JEE,

Swing, JSF, JPA, Hibernate), SQL Server, SQLite 3, Pl-SQL.

I'm an autodidact that love learn new things each day, i like read history, learn about science specifically

Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry and Biology, and learn distinct languages, actually i'm studying German

(Deutsch).

Always that i start a new job i dedicate some of my own time for learn some topics that maybe i don't know,

i'm a person that believe that all is possible with effort and discipline.

WORK EXPERIENCE

WEB DEVELOPER

UNIVERSIDAD NACIONAL DE COLOMBIA - iulie 2016 până la noiembrie 2016

In this university i worked as web developer making a web platform for the information management of ethnic

communities of the country that participate in courses of projects formulation organizated by the university

and a public

organization called DNP(Departament of national planning). For the development of the website i needed

conform with the CMS that the university use (Concrete 5), but I only used some functions of these CMS and

all website was maked

using PHP, Jquery, Ajax directly.

WEB DEVELOPER

ETHOS SOLUCIONES - noiembrie 2015 până la martie 2016

In this company i worked as web developer for solidary products software, here i work on many web pages

for big data

management in the two sides: backend and frontend using languages like JEE (Spring, JSF),

Javascript(Jquery, Ajax), JSE,

HTML5 and CSS3 developing for clients like Edupol, Cacsa, Coopedac, Financiar and Inntegra.

GAME DEVELOPER

EFECTO STUDIOS - martie 2015 până la august 2015

In Efecto Studios i worked as game developer, participating in projects as Grab (Grabbity successor), a driving

simulator

that use VR (Occulus rift) and REAKTIO (game based in autonomous simulation of battles). Working in the

development of AI, UI and GamePlay using the languages C++, C# and graphic scripting (Blueprints).

DEVELOPER

INFOTRACK S. A - noiembrie 2014 până la aprilie 2015

In this company i worked as software engineer level 1, making applications and functionalities on C# in web

and mobile

devices (PDA) for big data management of the following companies: Codensa, Acueducto, Meals, Novartis.

Specifically

development of Web Services, integration of RFID readers (Impinj devices), implementing new functionalities

to the aplications (WEB y PDA), bugs solution and giving software support.

INFORMATIC ASSISTANT AND FREE COURSES TEACHER

UNIVERSIDAD NACIONAL DE COLOMBIA - februarie 2014 până la decembrie 2014

In the university Universidad Nacional de Colombia i worked as assistant for social sciences faculty, working

in hardware

maintenance, attention to students, software maintenance (Windows y Linux) and as teacher of free courses

for students

teaching the use of qualitative software like Atlas.ti, NVivo and QDA Miner.

Fullstack developer and C++/Python/Java developer

- noiembrie 2012 până la februarie 2013

In this company i worked giving multimedia and technical support to E-Learning platform that was on

development.

EDUCATION

Mathematics

Universidad Nacional de Colombia

Systems engineer and computer science

Universidad nacional de colombia - Bogota, NJ

ianuarie 2013 până la decembrie 2015