David Warner

Technical Support - Troubleshooting IOS

San Antonio, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Warner/caede1e0a4d19da6

To obtain a position in an established company to utilize my current skills and be an asset to the company.

Willing to relocate: Anywhere

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Technical Support - Troubleshooting IOS

Volt Workforce Solutions - June 2016 to November 2016

IOS devices, Macbook, iMac, MAC OS

Sales representative - Demonstrated products and communicated value of products to

customers

Verizon Wireless - August 2015 to February 2016

Exceeded sales goals while maintaining a customer base and rapport.

* Technical support - Troubleshooting various devices ranging from cellphones/tablets to hotspots and basic

charging accessories.

* Asst. Manager - Assisted manager with training new team members, Assisted team members with coaching,

tools and providing sales strategies to drive sales using cold calls.

At-Home-Advisor

Apple Inc - December 2014 to June 2015

- Meeting monthly quotas and scores to ensure excellent customer service. Advanced technical support

covering iPods, iPhones, iPads as well as Macintosh desktops/laptops.

* Advisor coach - Coached and trained returning and new advisors to quickly and correctly service customers

with their needs.

* Sales representative - Creating repair orders as well as attaching apple care when appropriate. Accepting

and creating bill payment orders.

EDUCATION

Maple Heights senior High School

August 2008 to June 2012

SKILLS

EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year),

POWERPOINT (Less than 1 year), WORD (Less than 1 year)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills

* S.T.A.R Certified (Smartphone, Tablet and Hotspot)

* AppleCare Certified

* IOS and OS X systems Certified

* Excellent understanding of Microsoft office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel)

* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.

* Ability to work with individuals of diverse backgrounds including those with disabilities with success.