David Beattie

Programme Director

Plymouth - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Beattie/e1493e7e34891caf

Professional Programme Director with exceptional leadership and communication skills, with a proven 32-year

track record working in Information Technology and delivering large scale IT infrastructure Programmes. An

effective trouble-shooter, specialising in transforming groups of poor performing individuals into motivated,

highly effective loyal teams. This has resulted in a career characterised by constant promotion, both in the

military and leading blue chip companies. Delivery in highly secure environments, current SC Clearance held.

Willing to relocate: Anywhere

WORK EXPERIENCE

Programme Director

Computer Science Corporation - London - May 2016 to Present

Cloud Modern Platform Programme Director. Computer Sciences Corporation

CSC Cloud Delivery Services.

* Programme Director responsible for the Technical refresh of Global Cloud Hosting Infrastructure and

migration to the new infrastructure as well as 3rd party suppliers (AWS, Azure, Virtustream).

* Management of Next Generation Hardware Vendor Selection (Circa £10m), Design & Implementation into

8 Global Datacentres.

* Management of the migration of Circa 13,000 VM's.

* Management and co-ordination of Global Matrix managed teams

Programme Director

Computer Science Corporation - Gosport - November 2014 to May 2015

Technical Refresh Programme Director. Computer Sciences Corporation

SPVA DBS Account.

* Programme Director responsible for the delivery for the Technical refresh of the MOD's Pay, Pension and

HR system. This consisted of a number of Programmes / Projects delivering new infrastructure, an Oracle

database upgrade and migration.

* Management of circa 120 resources plus 3rd party contractors.

* Management of circa £40m financial profile.

* Management of growth of circa £25m scope change to the overarching programme. Negotiation through bid

to delivery.

* Selection & negotiation with 3rd party vendors for £10m hardware deal.

* Management of the Infrastructure delivery into UK Government Secure Data Centres

Account Delivery Operations Manager

Hewlett Packard - Basingstoke - April 2012 to July 2014

Account Manager / Delivery Manager. Hewlett Packard

MOD DII Account - Head of Business Applications Department.

* This was a 2-hat role both Account Manager and Account Delivery Manager

* Account Management and Delivery Manager of the Business applications service line. Successful delivery

of several Programmes / Projects and management of the Defence Applications Factory providing mission

critical applications to the Military.

* P & L management; achieved corporate FY13 financial targets of £30m revenue. Reduced costs whilst

achieving delivery and exceeding revenue by £4m during a torrid time of corporate relocation and manpower

reductions.

* Senior Stakeholder Management - developed stakeholder focused relationships by gaining trust and

understanding customer issues and requirements. Achieved Commercial re-negotiation of contacts to unblock

delivery and improve revenue throughput.

* Management and leadership of 120 Staff (both Permanent and contractor), plus matrix managed staff from

other departments and third party suppliers.

* Introduced efficient methods of reporting, governance & tracking processes. Mentored and supported

Programme & Project Managers to ensure continuous improved delivery, cost reduction and customer

satisfaction.

* Closely operated with the Sales team to secure new business and grow the account pipeline. Partnering

with the customer to identify requirements, Managing the deal through internal governance, bid, negotiating

contract award, and leading the delivery to closure.

* Ensured that all projects, programmes & business applications were delivered to time cost and quality within

the requirements of the contract.

Head of UK Delivery & Programme Closure

Hewlett Packard - Corsham - July 2011 to April 2012

Head of UK Delivery and Programme Closure. Hewlett Packard

* Produced and implemented new governance, communications, tracking, Risk & Issue management and

reporting processes, from previous LFE which proved so successful it was adopted by Global Central PMO.

* Successfully directed the UK North and South programmes providing on time under budget completion

providing £2m savings. - Awarded Certificate of Commendation by the Chief of Defence Staff Materiel.

* Successfully delivered a short term programme to provide project closure deliverables to 1400 MOD sites.

Previous closure processes would have taken in 4 years. This programme achieved delivery in 1 year providing

significant £3m cost savings and manpower reduction.

Programme Manager

Hewlett Packard - Corsham - November 2009 to July 2011

Programme Manager. Hewlett Packard

South of UK Programme Manager - Successfully delivered 4 Programmes.

* Achieved the delivery of 40,000 PC's & peripherals to 60,000 users across 612 MoD sites. This included

the installation of WAN / LAN Network & Communications infrastructure, Data centres, User & Applications

Discovery, Group and personal Data Migration, Account creation and Migration from legacy systems to new.

* Implemented new governance, communications, tracking, R&I and reporting processes which enhanced

visibility of the programme, gained Senior Management and Senior Stakeholder confidence and ensured timely

programme completion.

* Leader of 55 Project Managers plus Matrix management of Partner companies and subcontracting

companies.

Senior Project Manager

Hewlett Packard - Corsham - November 2008 to November 2009

Senior Project Manager. EDS

* Area Manager successfully completed the implementation of network infrastructure, 8,000 PC's & Peripherals

to 51 MOD sites throughout the South West of UK.

* Leader of 15 Project Managers. Matrix Management of 3rd Party Suppliers

Project Manager

Hewlett Packard - January 2007 to November 2008

Chief Petty Officer, Electronic Warfare & Intelligence Specialist

- October 2005 to December 2006

EDUCATION

NVQ 4 in Management

Highbury College - Portsmouth

January 2003 to July 2005

BTEC in Datacommunications

Plymouth College - Plymouth

April 2004 to July 2004

Communications Cable Installation

City & Guilds

2004 to 2004

Institute of Leadership & Management - Portsmouth

February 2002 to February 2002

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: GB

Branch: ROYAL NAVY

Rank: CHIEF PETTY OFFICER

April 1985 to July 2005

AWARDS

Awarded Certificate of Commendation by the Chief of Defence Staff Materiel.

July 2012

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

A proven troubleshooter comfortable being 'parachuted' into challenging situations to resolve Programme

delivery issues.

A strong leader able to build high calibre, loyal, motivated delivery teams.