Donna Sander

Web Developer / Computer Repair / Tech Support / Customer Service / Administrative

Oxnard, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Donna-Sander/f9f196571786c471

Military Veteran, Quality Inspector, FAA mechanic, Electrician, had career change to Web development,

programming, and computer repair. Diagnostics is what I do, I can troubleshoot anything.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

I.T. Consultant

Everything I.T. - Oxnard, CA - June 2006 to Present

Design/develop websites, computer repair, and anything related to I.T., I do it all.

crew lead

Lockheed Martin - Ontario, CA - February 1979 to August 1984

Built and installed many types of wiring and cable on C-130 aircraft. Determined signal type (audio,

video, digital, microwave, RF sensitive signal, AC and DC power, coax, twinax databus, fiber optics,

etc.) and establishing wire runs throughout aircraft accordingly. Built/installed necessary structural supports

using drawing, rivet guns, squeezes and pullers. Performed continuity, power on voltage, operational

tests, and troubleshooting as necessary. Modified all non-depot level components. Read electrical and

structural blueprints. Worked with engineering designing prototypes. Removed/installed/repaired all structural

components/flight controls. (Hydraulic, pneumatic, electrical, fuel, structural) Performed final acceptance

testing and troubleshooting. Worked as a crew lead for 4 years on a program installing in-flight air-refueling

capability. Supervised a crew of up to 13 working on up to 14 aircraft spread out over the many acre facility and

scheduled job assignments and monitored progress of the modifications of each of those aircraft. Submitted

document changes/engineering improvements. Worked with quality to sell completed modifications to the

USAF. I worked as a controller for about a year and a half, maintaining the inventory and status of all parts

removed from, or to be installed on the aircraft, including high value and classified government parts, and

interfaced with venders & various shops on base, for a major 2 yr. mod. Checked parts in and out for 'fit

checks'. I also ordered all kits, and parts necessary for DR's, MDR's, Squawks, and kit shortages, inventoried

all modification kits, and maintained up-to-date status on all parts, and provided daily reports to management.

Spent some time in the skunkworks hangar as well.

Integrated Avionics Systems Specialist -Comm./Nav./Electronic Countermeasures 2/79 to 8/84

USAF, Kadena AB, Okinowa, Japan

Worked on the flightline on F-15 fighter aircraft. I troubleshot malfunctioning avionics systems to component

level. I was also on the elite "Red Ball" team that parked and worked at the end of the runway to quickly

troubleshoot, repair, and launch or re-launch grounded aircraft. I was also double engine run, tie-down, 100%

power (sound suppresser) certified. (vs. standard cert.=single engine 80%) I also designed a test box to

troubleshoot an electronic countermeasures system on F-15's that continually failed built-in-test, but could not

be powered up for operational test due to classified frequencies security risk.

EDUCATION

none in Computer Science

CSU Channel Islands - Channel Islands, CA

August 2006 to June 2009

Associate in Computer Information Systems

Oxnard College - Oxnard, CA

August 2003 to June 2006

Mathematics

FAA A & P School

mostly all general education requirements and some early Comp Tech

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US

Branch: USAF

Rank: E5

February 1979 to August 1984

Avionics Technician, F-15 fighters

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES

FAA Mechanic