Eleanor Dawson

Newcastle upon Tyne - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Eleanor-Dawson/6f6eb06b877aefe4

WORK EXPERIENCE

TICE Computer Science

In 2015 I attended a Gifted and Talented Programme called TICE (This Is Creative Enterprise) focusing in the

field of computer science, where in teams we developed app plans, designed presentations and consulted with

experts in the field. I developed my presentation skills and learnt a lot about the industry as well as valuable

knowledge about Computer Science and its importance in today's society. This shows my understanding and

enthusiasm towards IT and technology.

Re:Production TV Advertisement

For my year 10 work experience, I went to Re:production advertising in Newcastle and was able to develop

my skills in video editing, sound engineering, casting and organisation of filming shoots and timetables of the

days on set. I was also able to take part in the filming as an extra in their Stagecoach advertisement and have

also appeared in two films from the company of Act2Cam with speaking roles. I am very confident when faced

with new situations and was eager to learn new skills in my work experience and develop others further.

EDUCATION

Whitley Bay High School

GROUPS

Choirs

I have been part of numerous choirs over the years including Whitley Bay Operatic Society's Next Generation,

North Tyneside's Junior Choir, choirs at each of my schools and Harmony Choir. I have performed in many

locations and events with them such as Whitley Bay Playhouse, the Christmas Victorian Market in North Shields

and on Metro Radio. Again this demonstrates my confidence in working with, and performing to others as well

as my reliability and team work.

Musical Theatre

I have performed in a range of theatre shows including Hairspray and Grease at Whitley Bay Playhouse

(lead role of Tracy Turnblad), and school productions of Into the Woods and Beauty and the Beast (Monsieur

D'Arque and Cinderella's Stepmother respectively). I have also been an active member of the chorus and

played supporting roles. This demonstrates my confidence and effectiveness working in groups and performing

to groups of people. It also demonstrates my reliability and team ethic in helping and supporting other cast

members and crew.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

I am predicted A* in all my GCSE's at Whitley Bay High School including, English, Maths, Science, French,

History, Drama and ICT. I have achieved high levels on all coursework and have demonstrated my levels of self

responsibility and my hard working characteristic to constantly want to improve and achieve good results. Not

only this, but at Valley Gardens Middle School I was honoured to receive the award of Outstanding Academic

Achievement throughout my four years attending the school, proving my resilience and hard working attitude.

I also have volunteered at induction days over the past five years in my current and previous schools to assist

teachers and help demonstrate the school to possible applicants and their parents.

In 2016 I was delighted to be chosen as one of four pupils in my school to be part of the Gifted and Talented

Programme to visit Cambridge University for a two day trip to explore the university and look at different courses

on offer as a potential future Oxbridge student. I learnt a lot about University and it helped me make a lot of

decisions about my future and understand more on what courses are on offer and what i needed to do to put

myself in the best standing when applying.