Erin San Juan

Programmer - Ironwood Pharmaceuticals

Quincy, MA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Erin-San-Juan/1b1504870c20ae5f

Willing to relocate: Anywhere

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Programmer

Ironwood Pharmaceuticals - Cambridge, MA - June 2016 to Present

Devised and constructed a series of programs to migrate vendor data into JReview postgresql for Data

Manager review.

* Specializing in extracting data from documents for transformation and upload for end user review.

Database Developer

Premier Research - Quincy, MA - September 2010 to June 2016

Constructed medical database to be used by physicians and doctors to collect patient data on drug research

trials using Oracle Clinical, DataLabs, and Medidata Rave.

* Developed procedures in both PL/SQL and VB.net to verify and analyze patient data for any discrepancies

either physician mistakes or abnormalities in patient condition.

General Manager

SCAN TV, UNH - Durham, NH - June 2007 to June 2009

Executive-level leadership role overseeing numerous volunteers and managers to facilitate the day-to-day

operations of the TV station with in-house developed content.

* Oversaw project to modernize the station with the latest equipment and the maintenance of TV production

equipment.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Interdisciplinary Mathematics, Computer Science

University of New Hampshire - Durham, NH

August 2005 to December 2009

SKILLS

ORACLE (5 years), SQL (5 years), VB.NET (5 years), BACKUPS (Less than 1 year), C++ (Less than 1 year)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS:

Programming languages: Java, SQL, C++, C, VB.net.

Tools: Netbeans, Eclipse, Notepad++, VIM, Oracle Clinical, Medidata RAVE, Datalabs, MERGE.

NOTABLE PROJECTS:

Directory Cloud, Personal project Java

* Developed Java based cloud software for secure incremental remote backups.

* Designed program to preserve delete files for up to a week.

* Ability to wipe out local computer if account is compromised.

Translator, Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Java, Postgresql, Mysql, SAS XPT

* Developed entire ecosystem of programs to facilitate transfer of vendor files in multiple formats into a data

warehouse for review.

* Tool was able to automate multiple manual process and reduced time to upload data.

Datalabs Validation, Premier Research Java, XML

* Created a series of programs to review XML data from DataLabs to perform error checking and diagnostics on

study builds.

* Program was used to reduce error locating and correction time from 5 business days to less than one.

* Designed to be OO and modular so additional validation checks could be created with minimal rebuilding

of the

code.